CONTENTS
--------

* Introduction
* Requirements
* Configuration
* Support
* Authors
* FAQ


INTRODUCTION
------------

This software is a games launcher for all the games that the LowPoly Games team
have made in game jams since our first game jam, Global Game Jam 2017. Since
then we have taken part in every Global Game Jam as well as many others at the
University of Lincoln.

All the games that are bundled into this launcher are avaliable on Itch.io at:
https://lowpolygames.itch.io/


REQUIREMENTS
------------

This software and all the games included are built for Windows machines only
and so Mac and Linux are not officially supported. The launcher requires
.NET 5.0 runtime which is installed as part of the installation process.

Most the games are mouse and keyboard but some of the games require a Xbox
controller in order to play. Check the games controller label on the tooltip
to determine if the current game requires a controller. Most the games are
small and should run on fairly low end systems, however, they are game jam
games. All of the games in this launcher were made in 24/48 hours and as such
are not optimised so your performance may vary from game to game and system to
system.


CONFIGURATION
-------------

Currently, the launcher itself has no configuration settings for the user to
change. When the games launch, they will each have their own configuration
window appear for the user to change graphics and other similar settings. In
time, this will hopefully be integrated into the launcher itself but this is
dependant on the progress of the launcher and how long we continue to support
it's development beyond adding games from new Game Jams.


SUPPORT
-------

If you encounter any bugs or issues with the launcher, then please report an
issue at https://github.com/JohnWolfson/LPG-Launcher/issues. Alternatively,
you can email us at lowpolygames@protonmail.com. Before reporting a bug,
please consider the fact that the games in this launcher are Game Jam games
and so will have bugs in them by nature. However, any bugs in the launcher
we will address and all the games should be playable. If not, please reinstall
the launcher and if you are still having issues then please raise an issue with
us.

Please note that the launcher is still under development and while there are
plans to integrate further features into the launcher, this is purely a for
passion project and the development made cease at some time as a result.


AUTHORS
-------

The authors of all the games present are the members of the LowPoly Games team
which includes:

* Will Dixon
* Daniel Dennis
* John Wolfson

Some of the games also had Luke Garside and Tim Weightman on the team as well.
The launcher was mainly developed by John Wolfson with some design help from
Will Dixon.


FAQ
---

Q: What is a Game Jam?

A: A Game Jam is a event where a team of people or person design and develop a
   game from scratch within a short space of time. Usually Game Jams have a
   theme that the team may or may not use. All the games in this launcher were
   made in either 24 or 48 hours.


Q: I found a bug in one of the games, should I raise a issue?

A: As mentioned, this games are jam games made in a short space of time. As a
   result of that, there are some bugs in them. As a general rule, we try to
   leave our jam games in the same state as they were at the end of the jam.


Q: So all the games are the same as they were at the end of the jam they were
   made in?

A: Mostly, some like Home Is Where The Mech is had some slight work done after
   to ensure that anyone could play the game. Time To Kill is another we had to
   make some slight changes to for it to be fully playable. However, we haven't
   made many changes to any of the games and most of them are untouched from
   the end of the jam they were developed in.


Q: The GitHub repository for this is public, can I make contributions?

A: Only the LowPoly Team can make code contributions to the project anyone can
   report issues for us to work on. Please feel free to raise issues or add
   suggestions to the launcher for us to consider working on.